I have to present my project, so basically I have made up something called e-commerce,
it is similar to the blanket you know, so let me show you the project, it is not working properly
since I have made it a long ago and technology is got a little bit out of order, so first I have to log out here.
Yeah, you can see that there is an option to either log in or register.
So, starting from the first, let me register myself, also, yeah.
So, as you can see, it is already as user already exists.
So, let me enter it again in the login section, yeah, I have login successfully.
So, here we should get the product, but I do not know due to some bugs, I am not getting the product.
So, here you can see I am getting all the product in the search section.
So, suppose if I have to buy this, I will add it to the cart, I will add this to the cart here, you can see,
there are the two items which I added in the cart.
Now, coming to the payment, when I click on the proceed, I will get the option to add address
or select any address which I have entered previously, then after that here will be the total summary of the cart.
And now, if I can pay online either or cash on delivery.
So, if I select transaction delivery, it will be order successfully.
Not only that, if I somehow go to the, sorry, yeah, here you can see.
Like if I added product in the cart and pay on select to pay online, I will get the functionality.
To pay either by card or card or UPI.
Coming to the text stack I used, I have made it on the month that stack.
So, like react and a tailwind CSS for the front end and express and more JS for the back end, yeah.
And I also used MongoDB as a database.
Coming to the functionality, yeah.
So, here you can see, there is a main JS, I have containered all the functionality inside a wrapper.
And I have also used to store for the notification.
I have made the admin base access that is admin will gets option to add product or delayed product and dashboard for the, you have seen that as podium.
Okay.
There are multiple routes like multiple pages that come under the routes.
That product, this play product admin, the product admin will get the functionality to add the product.
It's detailed and it's photo.
My data has been already lost.
So, I have no images to show right here, but I have done it in the past.
So, this was my all product.
I have made the whole user authentication and user authorization.
Forward the term user authorization.
So, it is a role based access e-commerce platform, which I have made by myself to help from some little bit help from the guy.
This is my saved address.
It was all about my product.
Hope you liked it.
If you liked it, please revert with a simple feedback about it.
Thank you.
